docs(GcpNfsVolumeBackup): user documentation (#613)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/resources/04-70-10-gcp-nfs-volume-backup.md

This table lists the parameters of the given resource together with their descriptions:

**Spec:**

| Parameter                   | Type                | Description                                                                                                                   |
|-----------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **source**                  | object              | Required. Specifies the source of the backup.                                                                                 |
| **source.volume**           | object              | Required. Reference of the existing source GcpNfsVolume that is backed up.                                                    |
| **source.volume.name**      | string              | Required. Name of the source GcpNfsVolume.                                                                                    |
| **source.volume.namespace** | string              | Optional. Namespace of the source GcpNfsVolume. Defaults to the namespace of the GcpNfsVolumeBackup resource if not provided. |

> | **location**                | string              | Optional. The Region where backup will reside. Defaults to the region of source GcpNfsVolume.                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **location**                | string              | Optional. The Region where the backup resides. Defaults to the region of source GcpNfsVolume.                                 |
```
